In this course, we will use that Bootstrap CCWs framework to add some style to this simple tutorial
application, we have notes the course does not cover the bootstrap framework itself in detail, but
what you will learn should be enough for you to understand the basics and pick up a finger to their
choice was dictated by the popularity of this framework.
Laravel has tools to install basic scaffolding for different UI tools, siestas frameworks like bootstrap
or JavaScript frameworks, namely view or react.
We will install the Laravel UI package that will do two things for us.
It will set up the bootstrap framework but will also provide the authentication controller.
So we would have the registration and signing in logic out of the box.
But more on authentication later.
Since the course is Laravel, eight based, we need to install a lot of UI version three.
So in the project directory run composer require Laravel slash UI and specify an exact version.
The UI component has the concept of presets, one of those is bootstrap.
Now you can run by artisan UI bootstrap to configure bootstrap.
Well, this is it.
Bootstrap is now installed and configured.
Also make sure to run BHB artisan UI comptrollers.
This would generate authentication comptrollers, you will be reminded about that later, too, but
it's good to have that out of the way.
We are not going to see bootstrap in action in this lecture yet us.
First, we need to learn how to use the Laravel mix.